{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Photo Editing Exercise Instructions\
\
For this exercise, you will use Lightroom to edit three photos you find online: (1) a landscape, (2) a still life, and (3) a portrait. Apply the editing tools that we learned in the in-class tutorial, including the cropping tool, the straightening tool, the graduated filter tool, the brush tool, custom brush tools, and the spot removal tool. You are free to use any of the tools, but you do not have to use all of the tools. Edit the photo as you see fit.\
\
For the first two photos (landscape and still life), go to one of the following websites to download the photos. You may choose any two photos so long as one is a landscape and the other is a still life. \ul \ulc0 You must convert one of these two photos into black & white. \ulnone It does not matter which one is color and which one is black & white.\
\
unsplash.com\
publicdomainarchive.com\
\
For the third photo (portrait), google the following search term, then click on \'93images.\'94 Choose a photo to edit, and download it.\
\
\'93Untouched portrait photo\'94\
\
Once you have your photos downloaded, put them into a folder on your desktop. Import the photos to Lightroom and begin editing. Export and save the edited photos in the same folder. In the end, you should have six photos: three originals and three edited. To turn in your assignment, compress that folder into a zip file and email it to me at mhbarnidge@ua.edu.\
\
\
\
\
}