{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Layout Exercise Instructions\
\
For this exercise, you will turn a blog post from your favorite online blog into a print layout using InDesign using the \'93Works Every Time\'94 Layout method we discussed in class.\
\
1. Find a post on your favorite blog.\
2. Download and save at least two photos from the post into a folder on your desktop.\
3. Copy the text into a text file and save it in the same folder.\
4. Open InDesign and create a new document. Make sure the margins are 1/2\'94 and choose a 2 or 3 column grid.\
5. Place your photos first, starting with your banner photo.\
6. Create text boxes for the captions. Use the same font you will use for the body text, but make it slightly smaller. Don\'92t forget the photo credit.\
7. Write your headline. Make it a different font from the body, and make the font size bigger than the body. \
8. Don\'92t forget to add the byline.\
9. Add the body text. Create a series of text boxes and link them together as we discussed in class. \
10. Edit the text to fit your layout. You may cut text or add text as needed.\
11. Add your Medium profile url as a \'93tag\'94 in the bottom-right corner.\
12. Export to a .pdf file\
13. Email the .pdf file to me}