{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. Open the data set entitled \'93laucnty00.xlsx\'94\
2. Find the listings for the counties in your state\
3. Copy the relevant data into a new .csv file (the format is important) entitled \'93Unemployment Data.csv\'94, including:\
	a. County FIPS Code\
	b. County Name/State Abbreviation\
	c. Unemployment Rate (%)\
4. Be sure to rename \'93Unemployment Rate (%)\'94 as \'932000 Unemployment Rate (%)\'94 \
5. Open the data set entitled \'93laucnty08.xlsx\'94\
6. Copy the column \'93Unemployment Rate (%)\'94 for your state\
7. Paste the data into a new column in your \'93Unemployment Data.csv\'94 file\
8. Name the column \'932008 Unemployment Rate (%)\'94\
9. Repeat steps 5-8 with the data set entitled \'93laucnty16.xlsx\'94\
\
\'97\'97\
\
10. Login to Datawrapper\
11. Select Choropleth\
12. Type in the name of your state in the search bar, scroll down and select. Make sure your map shows counties.\
13. On the next screen, scroll down and select \'93or import your dataset\'94\
14. In the dialog box, select \'93start import\'94\
15. Click \'93Alternatively, click here to upload CSV file\'94\
16. Select \'93Unemployment Data.csv\'94\
17. Make sure the column \'93FIPS\'94 is matched as FIPS, then click \'93Next.\'94 \
18. Click \'93Okay, Continue\'94\
19. Click \'93Match as Values\'94 over the column \'932000 Unemployment\'94, then click \'93Next.\'94\
20. Click \'93Go.\'94\
21. Scroll down, click \'93Proceed.\'94\
22. Change color scheme as desired. \
23. Under \'93Map labels,\'94 make sure \'93Make map zoomable\'94 is selected\
24. Enter Map key title \'93Unemployment Rate (%)\
25. Change number format to \'930\'94\
26. Make sure legend is positioned at bottom right\
27. Scroll up and click \'93Annotate\'94\
28. Enter title and description\
29. Enter source name (U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics) and URL (bls.gov)\
30. Scroll up and click \'93Design\'94\
31. Select \'93Datawrapper with data\'94\
32. Enable social sharing\
33. Click \'93Publish\'94\
34. On the next screen, click \'93Embed chart on website\'94\
35. In dialog box, right click direct link to chart and open in a new tab\
36. Copy URL from web browser\
\
\'97\'97\
\
37. Login to Medium.com\
38. Create a new story\
39. Enter headline and nut graph\
40. Paste link into new line \'97 this should embed your map.\
41. Add narrative description of your map.\
\
\'97\'97\
\
42. Repeat steps 10-41 for the 2008 and 2016 data, respectively.\
\
\'97\'97\
\
43. When you are finished, select \'93Publish\'94 on Medium.com and publish your story.\
44. Email me the link to your story at mhbarnidge@ua.edu.\
45. Congratulations, you\'92ve made your first data viz!\
\
\
}